the premise of the movie is set in 2067 when the
world has been destroyed beyond rehabilitation
because of climate change all plant life has
been extinct with a lack of plant life the amount
of oxygen in the air has decreased exponentially
people have to buy artificial oxygen to survive 99
of the world has gone dark people suffocate
to death in such conditions only one city in
australia has survived and it is all thanks to a
company called the chrono corp corporation that
manufactures synthetic oxygen however artificial
oxygen causes a fatal disease called the sickness
over time humankind has mere years before it
goes fully extinct ethan white is a resident
of the australian city he and his friend jude
work as mechanics in the chronicler corporation
the corporation is also working day and night
to find a cure for the sickness and a way to
save the world ethan's wife xanthe also has the
sickness ethan works hard day and night to earn
and buy her better oxygen one day as ethan and
jude work in the tunnel the chronic orb cto of
particle research regina jackson summons them
to her office there she introduces herself to
the two and tells them that humanity is going to
die in a few years if the conditions do not change
she then reveals that ethan is the only
one who can help everyone and save humanity
ethan is confused and doesn't believe her but
regina insists he visit their lab the lab has
huge machinery the lab doctor named billy mitchell
introduces himself to ethan and looks at ethan's
wrist device for a second they then explained
to him that ethan's father dr richard white
started this project 20 years ago the machine
that stands in front of them is a time machine
called the chronicle in the first ever experiment
done with the machine they had to send radio waves
into it to check what was on the other side they
found out through it that 407 years later in 2474
the earth would have enough vegetation to maintain
enough oxygen in the air and sustain human life
the people come to believe that if humanity
still exists several hundred years later
it is likely that they have found solutions
to all the problems plaguing their reality
however a strange activity baffled the scientists
there the waves they sent had come back reformed
when they decoded it they found out that someone
from the future had sent them the message saying
send ethan white so now regina and the whole
team want to send ethan into the future for
him to bring back the cure ethan is beyond
surprised he doesn't believe them and thinks
that regina is just bluffing moreover he doesn't
want to leave his sick wife and go into the future
so he declines to help later ethan and jude are at
a diner where they buy crisp oxygen jude tries to
persuade ethan to go through with the plan and
help save humanity however ethan laughs at him
saying that he doesn't want to be like his father
ethan hates his father for never being there for
him twenty years ago his father left home and
went missing while his mother was killed when
he was a kid since then he has been brought up by
jude who he regards as his older brother as well
as best friend he blames his father for leaving
his mother to complete the project and doesn't
want to follow in his path and leave his sick wife
however jude manages to persuade him saying that
the only way he can save his wife is by finding
a cure ethan reminisces of his eighth birthday
when his father has bought him a strange box as a
gift as he puts his hands inside the box a device
latches onto his wrist making him bleed richard
had placed a permanent hand device on his son
it has been many years but ethan doesn't know
its use yet later at home ethan tells xanthe
everything that happened during the day and she
too insists him to go the following morning ethan
scribes i will find my way back to you on a metal
flower and leaves it beside xanthe he then goes to
regina's office again and tells her that if he can
find only one cure they will have to give it first
to xanthe regina accepts and takes him to the
lab again dr mitchell shows him the suit that he
has to wear before getting into the machine as
they begin to explain the mission to him ethan
realizes that they do not have a plan they have
no clue what he will see or who he will meet at
the other end however after they put him in the
suit they give him an ai device called the archie
archie will show the lab ethan's vitals at all
times it will also help to navigate his location
then they finally throw him into the machine
inside ethan moves at high speed through time
he falls from the sky and lands in an unknown
jungle the friction from the air causes his suit
to catch fire so he quickly gets out of it then
he looks around and is astounded by the beauty
of nature he finds that the world has completely
changed the trees and the natural oxygen are back
he walks in the direction archie directs
him and sees a bunker door of some sort
but what catches his eyes is a skeleton that lies
right in front of the door its skull has a bullet
hole in it furthermore he looks at the name tag
on it and is horrified to see his own name the
skeleton is ethan's ethan also finds the skeletons
archie and plays the last recording on it
he hears a man say that this is the only way and
shoots ethan just then the device's power goes off
he is horrified believing that this is the fate
that awaits him then he notices the skeleton's
wrist device it is identical to ethan's except
the light glows green in the skeletons device
but ethan's has been red his whole life that night
he lights a fire and eats wild berries it turns
out that the berries were poisonous ethan vomits
and starts to go unconscious ethan wakes up after
a while and is surprised to see jude in front of
him as it turns out the lab saw ethan's vitals
dropping and assumed he was having a reaction to
poison so they quickly sent jude to the future
with the cure to save him sometime later ethan and
jude find that his skeleton remains there which
means his fate hasn't changed they then use archie
to find another door some device scans ethan's
eye and grants them access when they go in a
monitor welcomes him it asks him for a dna sample
when he accepts it his wrist device begins to
work making him bleed after the blood test it
goes green the lights to the room turn on and
they realize that they are in chronocorp's lab
407 years later the time machine is in front of
them too jude gets excited because now they have
the means to go back to the past but ethan doesn't
think so saying they haven't changed anything and
he will end up dead just like the dead ethan ethan
checks the system log and finds a holographic
recording made by his father who explains that the
time machine was originally designed to collect
the oxygen data in the future planet and then
transmit it back to the past however when his
father first started the time machine he received
a message asking him to send his son to the future
despite his misgivings he chose to do so
and made a dna verification here for ethan
soon ethan and jude realized that the time machine
won't be able to take them back because its
battery has almost depleted after 407 years what's
worse is that the activation of the lab triggers a
malfunction in its nuclear power core threatening
to unleash a nuclear explosion in just four hours
this means they have to find a way to fix the
time machine and travel back before the explosion
running out of time they have to act quickly
outside they are surprised to find a ruined
city covered with green plants but inhabited with
no humans showing that earth starts to recover
itself after human extinction human skeletons
are scattered everywhere ethan gets to his wife's
house only to find her bones making him fall
into despair jude tries to persuade him to go
back to the past as the cure against the sickness
doesn't seem to exist even in the future world
however jude's words make ethan suspicious he then
turns on the rusty archie to play the recording
once again from which he recognizes jude's voice
and it seems jude is exactly the one who shot him
jude raises his gun at ethan strongly denying
that he would shoot ethan ethan finally decides to
complete the mission first so with joint efforts
they managed to repair the power core and then
return to the lab now the chronicle system works
and they should be able to return to the past
they just need to wait 37 minutes till portal
launch once the countdown reaches zero the
portal will tether to 2067 for approximately 30
seconds however ethan still finds his body remains
behind a door at the same location which implies
that they haven't made any changes to the future
in order to figure out the truth ethan pulls
out the battery of his current archie and puts
it onto the rusty one in that way he gets
access to another video in which ethan is
assured that his future self will be killed
by jude jude then confesses that there is no
hope of changing the future and he is trying to
protect ethan finding it hard to believe ethan
locks his brother up in a room then plays back
his father's holographic log from the day he died
he soon discovers a conversation between the
chronic corpse cto regina jackson and his father
it's shown that ethan's father wanted to use the
time machine to save all mankind by finding the
cure but the cto only intended to use the machine
to flee from the dying time with some chosen few
however whichever plan they choose someone must
travel into the future and turn on the time
machine to safely send living matter through time
it requires an operational link from both sides
in order to stop the cto with her plan his father
locks the time machine and sets ethan's dna as
the verification key in anger at what ethan's
father just did the cto killed him immediately
she then orders jude to kill ethan's mother and
be a guardian to him so one day they can use
ethan's wristband to get access to the future
ethan is beyond surprised the man he thought
of as his brother turned out to be the one who
killed his mother and is about to kill him too
he also realizes that he has misunderstood his
father who didn't deliberately abandon the family
knowing that regina wants to bring a chosen few
into the future ethan tries to shut the time
machine down but jude rushes to stop ethan and
reveals that he's tasked here by the cto to ensure
that ethan is sent in time to repair the power
failure once ethan activates the time machine he
should kill ethan however jude has formed close
emotional relations with ethan over the years
seeing his brother-like friend in that
state because of him he is guilt-ridden
so instead of shooting ethan he shoots himself
dead in rage and regret ethan is determined
to fulfill his father's dying wish which is to
find the cure and save the dying humans he looks
into the monitor and finds the very first message
written by his father he deduces that the message
sent ethan white was sent by himself hence he
codes in the message again and sends it into
the past along with many other things meanwhile
in the laboratory of the year 2067 the cto with
a group of privileged chosen people are waiting
anxiously for the time machine to be activated
to their shock however the time machine sends back
hundreds of extinct plants along with a copy of
the recorded murder of ethan's father soon after
the time machine is destroyed by ethan resulting
in the collapse of the cto's plan in the end the
cto is arrested due to the murder the plants sent
back to 2067 are cultivated to revitalize the
planet ethan's wife also receives a flower sent
from him and understands his choice while ethan
has to stay in the future world alone he buries
jude and forgives him a butterfly catches his
attention and leads him again to the same entrance
where ethan is happy to notice that the corpse of
his future self is gone he rushes to take a look
at the world outside and feels relieved to see a
futuristic eco-friendly city in contrast to the
deserted one from earlier his decision had changed
the future of mankind subscribe for more videos
like this turn on notifications and leave a like
to help the channel out thank you for watching